Limit number of alerts or series produced by a rule (#9260)
prometheus/prometheus: docs/configuration/recording_rules.md

# How often rules in the group are evaluated.
[ interval: <duration> | default = global.evaluation_interval ]

> # The limit of alerts an alerting rule can produce, or the limit of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Limit the number of alerts and series individual rules can produce.
# This is scoped per rule.
```

Author: The limit is applied to individual rules, but it's configured for the entire rule group, which makes "This is scoped per rule." confusing.

Reviewer: yeah we can omit that sentence. but the first one should make it clear that it is per rule.

Author: Although I think it's possible that an alerting rule can produce more series than alerts, and we only limit alerts. Should we also limit series?

Reviewer: yes we should limit series
